Fix current music track cyling when game is muted (#3329)
OpenLoco/OpenLoco: CHANGELOG.md

- Change: [#3702, #3703, #3704, #3705] Improved performance for vehicle, industry, town, station, and company lists.
- Change: [#3707] The music jukebox has been moved from the options window to its own, with an optional keyboard shortcut.
- Fix: [#2248, #3681] Newly placed signals can incorrectly update track network.

> - Fix: [#3029] Game tries to play music even when Mute is enabled.

Reviewer: I think this could be more helpful, e.g.:
```suggestion
- Fix: [#3029] Even when audio is muted, the game continues to advance the jukebox playlist.
```
